RHDEVDOCS-7222: Creating content for managing applicationset strategies (#108183)
openshift/openshift-docs: argocd_application_sets/using-progressive-sync-in-openshift-gitops.adoc

--

[role="_abstract"]

> Progressive Sync is an advanced feature that improves application rollout strategies by managing synchronization stages across multiple clusters. This guide covers ApplicationSet strategies that control how applications are created, updated, and deleted, as well as how to enable and use the *Progressive Sync* status panel in the *Application details* view.

Reviewer: >improves application rollout strategies

I'm not sure if improve is the right word here, its a different use-case not necessarily better

You can configure creation strategies (AllAtOnce or RollingSync) to control application deployment patterns and deletion strategies to manage application removal order. When Progressive Sync is enabled, the {gitops-title} console displays real-time rollout status, helping you monitor rollout waves, synchronization status, and application health during deployments managed by an `ApplicationSet` controller with a `RollingSync` strategy.

[NOTE]
====

> To view Progressive Sync status in the {gitops-shortname} Web UI, create applications using your ApplicationSet resource and enable Progressive Sync in your Argo CD instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To monitor Progressive Sync status in the {gitops-shortname} Web UI, ensure the feature is enabled in your Argo CD controller and that your ApplicationSet uses a `RollingSync` strategy.
```
